You misled me. my lady.
There is a large dragon
in the Vale.
It is large and formidable.
but alas wild.
(Dramatic instrumental music)
♪
I have to believe that
Alicent's offer was genuine.
You cannot trust her.
We'll fly to King's Landing
in two days' time.
Alicent will open the gates
and surrender Aegon to me.
♪
It appears Lord Larys
has fled the Keep.
Aegon has abdicated
the throne.
He's left me no choice but to
remain here and defend the city.
(Screaming)
You're no longer
safe here.
You need to go
to Harrenhal.
I'm leaving!
We stood watch
and Vhagar never came.
All shields are thrust
towards the starboard!
♪
Take the ship.
There is war
in the gullet.
I shall go.
The Queen must be confined
until she regains her senses.
Jace!
Come with me.
We are ready.
♪
Father!
No!
That's my sister.
Hold on. Baela!
♪
Rhaena!
Vermax!
Jace!
♪
(Gasping)
The battle...
It is won.
I...
What have you done?
Jace.
How could you?
How could you do this? How?
How could you do this to me?
You answer me!
How could you do this?
You answer me! Please!
Your Grace. leave him.
You must leave him. Your Grace.
How dare you set
your hands on me!
How dare you!
My queen...
I have failed you.
My life must be forfeit.
And what good would that do?
Will it wake my son?
Will it change the truth
of his folly and yours?
And yours!
All of you who knew what
Jacaerys had done and stood by.
Are your lives.
too. not forfeit?
Have you not
betrayed your queen?
Lord Corlys!
Whoa. calm.
Help me.
My lady.
I have done a terrible thing.
Why have you come here?
There was a battle.
The prince Jacaerys.
it seems. is dead.
-You need to go now.
-Oh. there was ships and smoke.
I wanted only to help. truly.
-But Sheepstealer was
frightened. so-- -I don't care.
You were supposed to be
on a ship to Pentos.
Well. I need asylum. my lady.
-I had nowhere else to go.
-How dare you? Asylum?
You run from my charge and you
bring disaster to my doorstep.
-The queen will be hunting you.
-None saw that it was me.
I would say you
had lost all sense.
but then I doubt you had
any in the first place.
Don't come back here.
Do you want a dragon or not?
You said yourself you
were deceived in your
dealings with the queen.
Taken for a fool.
You wanted protection.
I offer it now.
Vhagar is at large.
Sheepstealer has long
made his home here.
All we need from you...
is blindness.
The Vale is vast.
I cannot stop a dragon
from abiding where it pleases.
I do not wish to see you again.
I tell a tale of a fearsome war
Thank our lucky stones
10.000 came. but we had more
And pressed 'em to
the bloody shore
Now we can't see
the water's floor
Hey. hey. hey!
'Cause the lake's
full of their bones
-Fish feed!
Smashed to smithereens!
Fish feed! Fish feed!
Fish feed!
We drowned the fucking Greens
I tell you a tale
of a cunning trick
How did it come to pass?
Aemond comes. they
said. run quick!
With his one good eye.
he looks a prick
And we've got Daemon.
so go stick...
...your dragon up your ass!
Ser Simon Strong. Your Grace.
Well. well. well.
Reminds you of the old times.
When the Riverlands
were ascendant.
music and meat and
virile young men.
And which of these
delights drew you to us
through glade and glen?
I bring gifts. in token of
your victories at the Red
Fork and on the lakeshore.
The finest wine
from House Strong's cellars.
Whoa!
Wine!
And a message for you.
From the queen.
Your Grace?
Is there something amiss?
The crown prince is dead.
I'm summoned now to King's
Landing to claim the
Iron Throne for our queen.
I charge you to march south
and meet me there.
And send men to
garrison Harrenhal. but
march with strength.
And when Rhaenyra
has claimed the Iron Throne.
we will send dragons
to scour the skies above you.
Be cunning. be steadfast.
Cut down any who
remain to resist you.
We will be the queen's fist.
None will stand against us.
To King's Landing!
-And the day we meet again.
-King's Landing!
I have seen that your coming
has been an omen of the end.
-The end of what?
-Many things.
And the beginning of others.
I would thank you for your help.
but I'm not sure yet
what your purpose has been.
I've done the queen a service.
I put 40.000
rivermen at her call.
Tell her...
I want Harrenhal.
I've lived there
all my long life.
and I've seen it given
from hand to hand.
And yet none seem to cherish it.
Why should it not come to me?
You have neither name. nor
title. nor noble husband.
The crown is not in the habit of
giving out castles to midwives.
And is midwife the sum
of what you think I am?
I will speak with her.
Perhaps there is...
some other reward she
may extend your way.
Some other reward?
I ask for food and
you offer me rubies.
For all their worth...
they will never
satisfy my hunger.
Go home. Daemon.
But do not come back here.
Remember what I told you.
Many before have left
my grandsire for dead.
and they were all mistaken.
We will find him.
Oh!
You...
You knew him as a child.
He was stern...
but gentle.
At least in my eyes.
He loved my grandmother
more than few men
I have seen love their wives.
It was for her sake...
I think. that he tried
to forget about you.
Your brother told me.
We were not mere
memories to be forgotten.
No.
He is proud as well.
to his detriment.
Stiff of neck.
Ah.
That side of him. I know.
Knew.
I will not say so yet.
And your betrothed?
We were children together.
I'm tired of losing
people. Alyn.
He's searching. too.
-You seem to be in less pain.
-No. I'm not.
You no longer ask for
milk of the poppy--
That's because I'm not
fucking speaking to you.
Right.
You're still furious
that I saved your life.
You betrayed my
identity to our captors.
Who you needlessly antagonized.
Your Grace.
They were going to murder you.
You are at least now
headed in the right direction
towards the coast.
Yeah. and what happens
when we get there?
When we're dragged
before Rhaenyra
and her gloating
fucking court of cunts?
What is it?
I can see only the
road behind us.
but I shouldn't be
surprised if there is--
WHAT HAVE WE HERE?
I was mistaken. I am surprised.
That peacock Tyland Lannister
has actually convinced
the Triarchy to come
into it against Rhaenyra.
Though it doesn't seem
to have gone very well.
Get them back inside!
You heard him! Inside!
It seems our journey
to Dragonstone will
be somewhat delayed.
Your Grace.
You should take shelter
in the forest. and quickly.
I have gold enough
to buy our berth.
We can make our
way to Duskendale.
We are going to Rook's Rest.
We would be wise
to avoid that place. We
could be captured again.
Cole has a garrison
there. does he not?
-They will be loyal to me.
-But the road there. Your Grace.
is long and perilous.
If this be victory...
I hope I never see another.
Alyn. I have nothing
to give you now.
But my name.
And yet I count that
of more worth...
than a mountain of gold.
I would speak with
Commander Largent.
Then speak. Your Grace.
I regret intruding
on your Gold Cloaks. but...
the matter is grave.
If word were to seep
out. it would spell
death for all involved.
Rhaenyra is returning.
How come you by this knowledge?
In the prince regent's absence.
Queen Helaena holds
the authority of the city.
She intends. in the
interest of peace.
to allow Rhaenyra to
enter the Red Keep. and
to then take the throne.
-Some would call that treason.
-Some would.
The question is. would you?
The Rogue Prince himself.
What are you doing here?
My prince.
We are just returned
from Harrenhal.
And the Gullet.
We weren't sure if we
should go up there.
A terrible thing has happened.
The queen wished you
to attack or pursue Vhagar.
Or am I mistaken?
Aemond did not come.
And you waited two days only
before resigning your mission?
Addam left. too.
We thought there might be
some misunderstanding.
I was unaware Her Grace.
the queen. had required of you
in this moment. or any other.
your thoughts.
There's something wrong
in those woods. though.
I'm telling you.
We heard all kinds of sounds.
like voices. I saw a--
You have erred.
All three of you. and your
error will cost us dearly.
I left a garrison
there. and a household.
There was a woman
who brought news of a battle.
A maester. I thought.
Or...
maybe a witch.
-Where is your comrade?
-He's gone with the Lady Baela
back to the Gullet.
Should we return now
to Harrenhal. my prince?
Is she inside?
She has not wished to
be seen since Jace.
And meanwhile. the smith and
the sot allow Aemond One-Eye
-to fly through their fingers.
-She is in grief.
-Do you question her methods?
-Not hers.
Theirs.
And yours.
I left you here a prisoner.
Having forsaken the promise
that you made to me.
You've wriggled your way
toward the crown like an eel.
I confess. I underestimated
your slipperiness.
Bait me all you wish.
I have the queen's trust.
which you have yet to earn.
-The queen is my wife.
-Then why have you added
to what she must already suffer?
What is between us
is none of your concern.
What game are you playing?
Retribution for insults.
real or imagined?
Do you coil yourself here
in order to strike at me?
Not everything is
about you. Daemon.
Aemond is unaccounted for. then.
Do you believe the queen's
judgment to be sound?
I would not serve her otherwise.
But she has staked much on
the word of Alicent Hightower.
Hm. aye.
I was not present
at their meeting.
They were girls
together. as all know.
Do you believe.
after what has since transpired.
that there is some bond
between them still?
Perhaps.
Would that pain you?
My concern is for
the queen only.
I'm no friend to the Hightowers.
Well. there we are agreed.
though I believe Alicent
is by nature a conspirator
rather than one who
openly deceives.
Or perhaps a tool.
Begging your pardon. my prince.
It seems Vhagar has been sighted
leaving King's Landing...
flying in the direction
of the Riverlands.
I would inform the queen. but...
I will go.
Your Grace!
The atmosphere is fraught.
I think it's best you do not
stray again from my charge.
I would speak with the
captain of the household
guard. Ser Soren.
Where might he be?
Any number of places.
-I could have a message
sent to him. -Thank you. no.
Please make sure that the small
council chamber is secure.
-I will call a meeting there
presently. -Your Grace?
I command it.
At once. Ser Rickard.
As you wish.
He died fighting for his queen.
As was his desire.
He defied me.
That is what sons do.
There was another dragon.
Sheepstealer. Baela says.
A wild dragon?
He had a rider.
That's impossible. A wild
dragon cannot ever be tamed.
They attacked Moondancer
and drew Jace to his death.
How can the Greens
have claimed another?
-I want you to find them.
-It will be done.
But there is first
more pressing business.
No. I have no stomach for it.
Vhagar has left King's Landing.
The boys who...
clung to me. who...
hid their little faces
in my skirts. dead.
so that I may sit upon
a throne of swords?
Will you let them die in vain?
I SAW IT. RHAENYRA.
AT HARRENHAL.
THE DARKNESS IN THE NORTH.
THE SONG OF ICE AND FIRE.
I SAW A GIRL WITH SILVER HAIR
IN A DESERT FAR AWAY
AND THERE WERE
DRAGONS AT HER BREAST.
I AM SO TIRED.
BUT IF IT IS REAL.
WHAT MY BROTHER TOLD YOU...
IF IT WERE TRUE.
WHAT THEN WOULD YOU DO?
Well.
I beg your pardon?
What an industrious
little creature you are.
Hither and thither.
So much to do.
You would do well to remember
yourself. Lord Jasper.
I remember myself well enough.
I remember you. too. Your Grace.
snaking your way into
the halls of power when
you were just a girl.
So young.
So bold.
I served Viserys faithfully.
I served this realm faithfully.
You did what you had to do.
No man could deny you that.
Life is short.
The gods are cruel.
We all find what
enjoyment we can as the
world heads into darkness.
You...
for instance.
You found much enjoyment.
With Ser Criston.
-Did you not?
-Lord--
Lord Jasper.
Much...
pleasure.
The penalty for
this would be death.
Then what is the penalty
for you running off
to a secret meeting
with the City Watch?
What was your business
there. I wonder?
Lord Jasper. please.
-Say that again.
-What?
Plead with me.
No!
No! No!
Lord Jasper.
Orwyle...
Good.
Seems we have a
traitor on our hands.
I was just going to
call for you. Ser Soren.
She'll need to be confined where
she can make no further trouble.
Grand Maester. I beseech you.
Ask her where she
was an hour ago.
I know not where
she may have been.
But I know what I have seen
here with my own eyes.
Arrest him!
He dares lay his hands
on the mother of the king!
The queen dowager
has betrayed us.
Her own sworn protector
has cautioned me.
You will come with
us. Lord Jasper.
I am the Master of Laws.
for the sake of the gods.
Unhand me!
I'm in your debt. Grand Maester.
I do not know what you
have done. Your Grace.
I fear it is
something desperate.
Our deepest
condolences. Your Grace.
This...
this tragic turn of events.
I am going to
King's Landing now.
What? Your Grace.
you cannot mean--
I heard no ambiguity
in the queen's statement.
Lord Bartimos. did you?
I will fly with my lord husband
and with my new
riders as guards.
That is all very well.
but you cannot enter the castle
on your dragon. my queen.
The Velaryon host is scattered.
You will not have
them to defend you.
She has me.
Aemond flies to Harrenhal
as Alicent promised.
When he returns. our
window will shut.
Forgive me. my queen.
but this reeks of a snare.
If it is. so be it.
I'm done with talking.
Let Ser Lorent choose
how he will die.
You will need this. I think.
I hope you will send for me.
Remember which one of us
has been faithful.
Much has changed
since I was away.
You've taken a new advisor.
She's done much for us.
-For me.
-So I gather.
I have no need of your approval.
It was an observation.
My prince. Your Grace.
Syrax!
Today. King's Landing
receives its queen.
You will fly cover.
Stay wide and keep watch.
Let none approach from the sky.
Is that simple enough for you?
It is.
Stay on guard until I send word.
It will not at any point
be necessary for you
to engage in thinking.
or making decisions.
or having ideas.
-No. Your Grace.
-No.
Once the city is taken. we
return our attention to Vhagar.
From this moment. all must
proceed according to plan.
Don't let me down.
Helaena. Helaena.
This is strange. It
isn't the season.
Rhaenyra Is coming.
-I need you now.
-Will there be a battle?
No. No.
We will allow her to enter.
and then we will flee.
You've spoken to her?
But I've been delayed.
It seems Ser Rickard
has betrayed me.
We must stand down
the sentries on the battlement
and as many of the household
guards as we are able.
They will think you mad.
But they will heed a queen.
You are a queen.
Helena. you are the queen.
Quickly.
You said my father
changed his mind.
You made Aegon king.
you and Ser Criston
and my grandsire.
and the septon.
I made a mistake.
-But you heard him.
-If I did or I didn't.
I could no longer say.
But Helaena...
you told me not many days ago
that you were happier
before you were queen.
Words that pierced
me like a spear.
I think now not of what
you may deserve. but what
might make you happy.
You. I may yet redeem.
I think I might like
to keep chickens.
-My queen.
-Your Grace.
You.
-Who's your captain?
-Ser Freddryk. Your Grace.
Is aught amiss. Your Grace?
You are to stand down your
station. Ser Freddryk.
at the command of
the Queen Helaena.
Standing orders. Your Grace.
Any dragon but
Vhagar. we strike.
Your orders are rescinded.
-But the prince regent-- -The
prince regent has left the city.
The queen is your authority now.
I will not have
any beast harmed.
Rhaenyra Targaryen approaches.
Ser Freddryk.
She comes with Prince Daemon
and more besides.
The king has abdicated.
The prince regent himself
has fled the city.
Will you fight and be burned.
and King's Landing
along with you. or
will you suffer her to enter.
and hope for peace?
Her sons were always kind.
Ser Freddryk.
To Harrenhal.
To Harrenhal!
Dragon!
I seek Daemon Targaryen.
I confess. we had not
been expecting you.
Draw your sword.
-Your Grace. I have no sword.
-Then get one!
I do not wish to oppose you.
I have not wielded a blade
these many years.
Surely. there is some other way
you might find satisfaction?
Hm?
The army has decamped.
There's nothing to stop you.
Father!
Help me.
Help me...
DESCEND. CARAXES.
Alicent did as she promised.
The true test is within.
Do not be afraid.
I've come to make things right.
Wait.
Who else dares rise
against us in our house?
Your Grace.
Halt!
Where is Aegon?
It is nothing to you.
I have business with him.
Is the upstart pup too craven
to face his queen?
You are brazen. I
credit you this.
Brazen or thick.
I suppose that depends
whether I win or lose.
Now here's a thing I
haven't seen before.
Stay close. Rhaenyra.
Well met...
Ser Luthor.
The City Watch remembers our
commander. Daemon Targaryen...
and Queen Rhaenyra.
the one true heir
to the Iron Throne.
The guards at the gates
have thrown down their swords.
Do the same. or
perish as traitors.
The prince regent will
not stand for this.
-Nor will the Hand!
-Seize them!
And with them all who wear
the Hightower sigil.
You have my
gratitude. Ser Luthor.
It was Prince Daemon himself
who gave me this gold cloak...
20 years ago.
I knew I'd see
you again one day.
I wish I could say
I was so sure about you.
It's your throne. my queen.
Not yet.
Bring Aegon...
the Usurper...
to me!
-He is not here.
-Then where?
I do not know.
I swear it.
He has fled.
and the Master of
Whisperers with him.
How convenient.
I remained here when Aegon
took the throne.
I am no knight. I
feared for my life.
But I've done what I can.
as the queen dowager can attest.
She's not here either.
I pledge fealty to
Viserys' rightful heir.
queen by blood and by oath.
If the Usurper has
fled. then we must take
heads. as you well know.
loath as I am to
strike down a maester.
You will kill me if you must.
But I can offer you another
who might give you better...
satisfaction.
We cannot escape this way.
-Release them.
-At once. my prince.
-What has happened?
-Orwyle's offered you up.
Delightful to witness
you turning on each
other like spiders.
This is her doing.
Conniving little bitch.
Keep talking and I'll
relieve you of your
cock before your head.
just for the fun of it.
If you would. my prince.
A gift for you
if you ever returned.
From Lord Larys Strong.
Lord Merryweather and Lady Fell.
imprisoned for holding
to their oaths. Your Grace.
-Ah. Lady Fell.
-My queen.
Lord Merryweather.
You have my gratitude.
The Master of Laws.
who plotted with the Usurper.
You will hang for this!
If you do not burn.
Who of your council
is left alive?
The rats in the Black Cells
have grown uncommon big.
No more than I expected.
Kneel.
I assume everyone else is dead.
Aegon has fled. but our old
friend can stand in his place.
Just get it over with. will you?
They're watching.
If you wish to rule.
show them you do not waver.
I don't know if I can.
Let Daemon do it.
Spare me at least
from being hacked at.
If your father could see
what it's come to...
he would never have imagined it.
Speak no more!
In this moment. you
will become queen.
I did my best--
Tell my lady wife whatever--
Clear!
Stand aside!